cpp/bin/torchtrtc/README.md, before:

# torchtrtc

torchtrtc is a compiler CLI application using the Torch-TensorRT compiler. It serves as an easy way to compile a
TorchScript Module with Torch-TensorRT from the command-line to quickly check support or as part of
a deployment pipeline. All basic features of the compiler are supported including post training
quantization (though you must already have a calibration cache file to use). The compiler can
output two formats, either a TorchScript program with the TensorRT engine embedded or
the TensorRT engine itself as a PLAN file.

All that is required to run the program after compilation is for C++ linking against libtorchtrt.so
or in Python importing the torch_tensorrt package. All other aspects of using compiled modules are identical
to standard TorchScript. Load with `torch.jit.load()` and run like you would run any other module.


```
torchtrtc [input_file_path] [output_file_path]
    [input_specs...] {OPTIONS}

    torchtrtc is a compiler for TorchScript, it will compile and optimize
    TorchScript programs to run on NVIDIA GPUs using TensorRT

  OPTIONS:

      -h, --help                        Display this help menu
      Verbiosity of the compiler
        -v, --verbose                     Dumps debugging information about the
                                          compilation process onto the console
        -w, --warnings                    Disables warnings generated during
                                          compilation onto the console (warnings
                                          are on by default)
        --i, --info                       Dumps info messages generated during
                                          compilation onto the console
      --build-debuggable-engine         Creates a debuggable engine
      --use-strict-types                Restrict operating type to only use set
                                        operation precision
      --allow-gpu-fallback              (Only used when targeting DLA
                                        (device-type)) Lets engine run layers on
                                        GPU if they are not supported on DLA
      --require-full-compilation        Require that the model should be fully
                                        compiled to TensorRT or throw an error
      --disable-tf32                    Prevent Float32 layers from using the
                                        TF32 data format
      --sparse-weights                  Enable sparsity for weights of conv and
                                        FC layers
      -p[precision...],
      --enable-precision=[precision...] (Repeatable) Enabling an operating
                                        precision for kernels to use when
                                        building the engine (Int8 requires a
                                        calibration-cache argument) [ float |
                                        float32 | f32 | fp32 | half | float16 |
                                        f16 | fp16 | int8 | i8 | char ]
                                        (default: float)
      -d[type], --device-type=[type]    The type of device the engine should be
                                        built for [ gpu | dla ] (default: gpu)
      --gpu-id=[gpu_id]                 GPU id if running on multi-GPU platform
                                        (defaults to 0)
      --dla-core=[dla_core]             DLACore id if running on available DLA
                                        (defaults to 0)
      --engine-capability=[capability]  The type of device the engine should be
                                        built for [ standard | safety |
                                        dla_standalone ]
      --calibration-cache-file=[file_path]
                                        Path to calibration cache file to use
                                        for post training quantization
      --teo=[torch-executed-ops...],
      --torch-executed-ops=[torch-executed-ops...]
                                        (Repeatable) Operator in the graph that
                                        should always be run in PyTorch for
                                        execution (partial compilation must be
                                        enabled)
      --tem=[torch-executed-mods...],
      --torch-executed-mods=[torch-executed-mods...]
                                        (Repeatable) Module that should always
                                        be run in Pytorch for execution (partial
                                        compilation must be enabled)
      --mbs=[min-block-size],
      --min-block-size=[min-block-size] Minimum number of contiguous TensorRT
                                        supported ops to compile a subgraph to
                                        TensorRT
      --embed-engine                    Whether to treat input file as a
                                        serialized TensorRT engine and embed it
                                        into a TorchScript module (device spec
                                        must be provided)
      --num-min-timing-iter=[num_iters] Number of minimization timing iterations
                                        used to select kernels
      --num-avg-timing-iters=[num_iters]
                                        Number of averaging timing iterations
                                        used to select kernels
      --workspace-size=[workspace_size] Maximum size of workspace given to
                                        TensorRT
      --max-batch-size=[max_batch_size] Maximum batch size (must be >= 1 to be
                                        set, 0 means not set)
      -t[threshold],
      --threshold=[threshold]           Maximum acceptable numerical deviation
                                        from standard torchscript output
                                        (default 2e-5)
      --no-threshold-check              Skip checking threshold compliance
      --truncate-long-double,
      --truncate, --truncate-64bit      Truncate weights that are provided in
                                        64bit to 32bit (Long, Double to Int,
                                        Float)
      --save-engine                     Instead of compiling a full a
                                        TorchScript program, save the created
                                        engine to the path specified as the
                                        output path
      input_file_path                   Path to input TorchScript file
      output_file_path                  Path for compiled TorchScript (or
                                        TensorRT engine) file
      input_specs...                    Specs for inputs to engine, can either
                                        be a single size or a range defined by
                                        Min, Optimal, Max sizes, e.g.
                                        "(N,..,C,H,W)"
                                        "[(MIN_N,..,MIN_C,MIN_H,MIN_W);(OPT_N,..,OPT_C,OPT_H,OPT_W);(MAX_N,..,MAX_C,MAX_H,MAX_W)]".
                                        Data Type and format can be specified by
                                        adding an "@" followed by dtype and "%"
                                        followed by format to the end of the
                                        shape spec. e.g. "(3, 3, 32,
                                        32)@f16%NHWC"

```

e.g.

```
torchtrtc tests/modules/ssd_traced.jit.pt ssd_trt.ts "[(1,3,300,300); (1,3,512,512); (1, 3, 1024, 1024)]@fp16%contiguous" -p f16
```

Commit message:

refactor!(//cpp/bin/torchtrtc): Removing the max-batch-size argument
BREAKING CHANGE: This PR removes `--max-batch-size` from the CLI
as it has no real functional effect

Signed-off-by: Naren Dasan <naren@narendasan.com>
Signed-off-by: Naren Dasan <narens@nvidia.com>

cpp/bin/torchtrtc/README.md, after:

# torchtrtc

torchtrtc is a compiler CLI application using the Torch-TensorRT compiler. It serves as an easy way to compile a
TorchScript Module with Torch-TensorRT from the command-line to quickly check support or as part of
a deployment pipeline. All basic features of the compiler are supported including post training
quantization (though you must already have a calibration cache file to use). The compiler can
output two formats, either a TorchScript program with the TensorRT engine embedded or
the TensorRT engine itself as a PLAN file.

All that is required to run the program after compilation is for C++ linking against libtorchtrt.so
or in Python importing the torch_tensorrt package. All other aspects of using compiled modules are identical
to standard TorchScript. Load with `torch.jit.load()` and run like you would run any other module.


```
torchtrtc [input_file_path] [output_file_path]
    [input_specs...] {OPTIONS}

    torchtrtc is a compiler for TorchScript, it will compile and optimize
    TorchScript programs to run on NVIDIA GPUs using TensorRT

  OPTIONS:

      -h, --help                        Display this help menu
      Verbiosity of the compiler
        -v, --verbose                     Dumps debugging information about the
                                          compilation process onto the console
        -w, --warnings                    Disables warnings generated during
                                          compilation onto the console (warnings
                                          are on by default)
        --i, --info                       Dumps info messages generated during
                                          compilation onto the console
      --build-debuggable-engine         Creates a debuggable engine
      --use-strict-types                Restrict operating type to only use set
                                        operation precision
      --allow-gpu-fallback              (Only used when targeting DLA
                                        (device-type)) Lets engine run layers on
                                        GPU if they are not supported on DLA
      --require-full-compilation        Require that the model should be fully
                                        compiled to TensorRT or throw an error
      --is-supported=[check-method-op-support],
      --supported=[check-method-op-support],
      --check-support=[check-method-op-support],
      --check-method-op-support=[check-method-op-support]
                                        Check the support for end to end
                                        compilation of a specified method in the
                                        TorchScript module
      --disable-tf32                    Prevent Float32 layers from using the
                                        TF32 data format
      --sparse-weights                  Enable sparsity for weights of conv and
                                        FC layers
      -p[precision...],
      --enable-precision=[precision...] (Repeatable) Enabling an operating
                                        precision for kernels to use when
                                        building the engine (Int8 requires a
                                        calibration-cache argument) [ float |
                                        float32 | f32 | fp32 | half | float16 |
                                        f16 | fp16 | int8 | i8 | char ]
                                        (default: float)
      -d[type], --device-type=[type]    The type of device the engine should be
                                        built for [ gpu | dla ] (default: gpu)
      --gpu-id=[gpu_id]                 GPU id if running on multi-GPU platform
                                        (defaults to 0)
      --dla-core=[dla_core]             DLACore id if running on available DLA
                                        (defaults to 0)
      --engine-capability=[capability]  The type of device the engine should be
                                        built for [ standard | safety |
                                        dla_standalone ]
      --calibration-cache-file=[file_path]
                                        Path to calibration cache file to use
                                        for post training quantization
      --teo=[torch-executed-ops...],
      --torch-executed-ops=[torch-executed-ops...]
                                        (Repeatable) Operator in the graph that
                                        should always be run in PyTorch for
                                        execution (partial compilation must be
                                        enabled)
      --tem=[torch-executed-mods...],
      --torch-executed-mods=[torch-executed-mods...]
                                        (Repeatable) Module that should always
                                        be run in Pytorch for execution (partial
                                        compilation must be enabled)
      --mbs=[min-block-size],
      --min-block-size=[min-block-size] Minimum number of contiguous TensorRT
                                        supported ops to compile a subgraph to
                                        TensorRT
      --embed-engine                    Whether to treat input file as a
                                        serialized TensorRT engine and embed it
                                        into a TorchScript module (device spec
                                        must be provided)
      --num-min-timing-iter=[num_iters] Number of minimization timing iterations
                                        used to select kernels
      --num-avg-timing-iters=[num_iters]
                                        Number of averaging timing iterations
                                        used to select kernels
      --workspace-size=[workspace_size] Maximum size of workspace given to
                                        TensorRT
      -t[threshold],
      --threshold=[threshold]           Maximum acceptable numerical deviation
                                        from standard torchscript output
                                        (default 2e-5)
      --no-threshold-check              Skip checking threshold compliance
      --truncate-long-double,
      --truncate, --truncate-64bit      Truncate weights that are provided in
                                        64bit to 32bit (Long, Double to Int,
                                        Float)
      --save-engine                     Instead of compiling a full a
                                        TorchScript program, save the created
                                        engine to the path specified as the
                                        output path
      input_file_path                   Path to input TorchScript file
      output_file_path                  Path for compiled TorchScript (or
                                        TensorRT engine) file
      input_specs...                    Specs for inputs to engine, can either
                                        be a single size or a range defined by
                                        Min, Optimal, Max sizes, e.g.
                                        "(N,..,C,H,W)"
                                        "[(MIN_N,..,MIN_C,MIN_H,MIN_W);(OPT_N,..,OPT_C,OPT_H,OPT_W);(MAX_N,..,MAX_C,MAX_H,MAX_W)]".
                                        Data Type and format can be specified by
                                        adding an "@" followed by dtype and "%"
                                        followed by format to the end of the
                                        shape spec. e.g. "(3, 3, 32,
                                        32)@f16%NHWC"
      "--" can be used to terminate flag options and force all following
      arguments to be treated as positional options
```

e.g.

```
torchtrtc tests/modules/ssd_traced.jit.pt ssd_trt.ts "[(1,3,300,300); (1,3,512,512); (1, 3, 1024, 1024)]@fp16%contiguous" -p f16
```
